fix(css): scroll chaining can be stopped on iframes (#28918)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/overscroll-behavior/index.md

In some cases, these behaviors are not desirable. You can use `overscroll-behavior` to get rid of unwanted scroll chaining and the browser's Facebook/Twitter app-inspired "pull to refresh"-type behavior.

> Note that this property applies only to {{Glossary("Scroll_container", "scroll containers")}}. In particular, since an [`<iframe>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) is not a scroll container, this property does not work on iframes. However, the property can be used on [`<html>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/html) and [`<body>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/body) elements inside iframes to stop scroll chaining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this property applies only to {{Glossary("Scroll_container", "scroll containers")}}. In particular, since an [`<iframe>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) is not a scroll container, setting this property on an iframe has no effect. To control scroll chaining from an iframe, set `overscroll-behavior` on both the [`<html>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/html) and the [`<body>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/body) elements of the iframe's document.
```

Rewording to: use less passive voice, be clear that (AFAICT) you have to set the property on both html and body elements for it to work cross-browser.

Author: Yes, telling them to set both is more helpful. I has no objection. :)
